= UCSAPI

* http://rubyforge.org/project/ciscoucs

== DESCRIPTION:

Simple Ruby interface to the UCS XMLAPI

== AUTHOR

Steve Chambers, stevie_chambers @nospam@ viewyonder.com, Cisco

== FEATURES/PROBLEMS:

This is an early alpha release so much, much, MUCH more to do...

== SYNOPSIS:

Provides a simple interface to UCS XML through Ruby objects and methods.

All you do is put require 'UCSAPI' at the top of your Ruby script.

== REQUIREMENTS:

Requires 'rubygems' and 'rest-client' to be installed, and gem packaged should do that for you.

Other modules used are built-in to Ruby: REXML, Logger, OpenStruct.

== INSTALL:

gem install UCSAPI

== LICENSE:

Copyright (c) 2010 Steve Chambers, Cisco

Create Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported
http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/legalcode

You are free:

* to Share — to copy, distribute and transmit the work
* to Remix — to adapt the work

Under the following conditions:

* Attribution — You must attribute the work in the manner specified by the author or licensor (but not in any way that suggests that they endorse you or your use of the work).
* Share Alike — If you alter, transform, or build upon this work, you may distribute the resulting work only under the same or similar license to this one.

With the understanding that:

* Waiver — Any of the above conditions can be waived if you get permission from the copyright holder.
* Public Domain — Where the work or any of its elements is in the public domain under applicable law, that status is in no way affected by the license.
* Other Rights — In no way are any of the following rights affected by the license:

** Your fair dealing or fair use rights, or other applicable copyright exceptions and limitations;
** The author's moral rights;
** Rights other persons may have either in the work itself or in how the work is used, such as publicity or privacy rights.
** Notice — For any reuse or distribution, you must make clear to others the license terms of this work. The best way to do this is with a link to this web page.
